Npm2100 ek shield and sample (#85275)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: samples/shields/npm2100_ek/doc/index.rst

.. zephyr:code-sample:: npm2100_ek

>    :name: nPM2100 EK
> 
>    Interact with the nPM2100 PMIC using the EK buttons and the shell interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

nPM2100 EK sample
#################

This document describes how you can interact with the nPM2100 PMIC using the EK buttons and the shell interface.
```

Author: `:name: nPM2100 EK` is required for a sample README/doc file. I shouldn't replace it with a title. 

The next line tells what the *sample* does: in this case it provides SW that when flashed allows the user to interact with the PMIC through EK's UI. I could change it to `This sample allows you to interact...`. The suggestion sounds as if these functionalities are built into the EK, and "this document" is there to just describe them, which isn't true.

Reviewer 2: +1 -- @peknis the original suggestion from @seov-nordic is just great, and uses the code-sample directive and follows the guidelines perfectly :) Thanks!

Reviewer: Ok, not that familiar with the Zephyr side docs. NCS is my bread and butter.

Overview
********

This sample is provided for evaluation of the :ref:`npm2100_ek`.

> The sample show-cases the use of nPM2100 GPIO pins and the
> shell interface to control its features, including:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It describes the use of nPM2100 GPIO pins and the
shell interface to control the following features:
```

> - Regulators (BOOST, LDOSW)
> - GPIO

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Regulators (BOOST, LDOSW)
* GPIO
```

Requirements
************

Make the following connections on the nPM2100 EK:

> - Remove all existing connections.

Reviewer: Use * instead of - in the bullet lists.

Reviewer 2: There is no such requirement - thanks!
https://docs.zephyrproject.org/latest/contribute/documentation/guidelines.html#lists

- On the **BOOTMON** pin header, select **OFF** with a jumper.
- On the **VSET** pin header, select **3.0V** with a jumper.
- On the **VBAT SEL** pin header, select **VBAT** with a jumper.
- Connect a battery board to the **BATTERY INPUT** connector.

> The nPM2100 EK needs to be wired to the host board, using the
> Arduino I2C pins and a GND pin, e.g. for an nRF52 DK:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to wire the nPM2100 EK to the host board using the
Arduino I2C pins and a GND pin.
For example for an nRF52 Series DK, the wiring is as follows:
```

+------------------+-------+-------+-----+
| nPM2100 EK pins  | SDA   | SCL   | GND |
+------------------+-------+-------+-----+
| nRF52 DK pins    | P0.26 | P0.27 | GND |
+------------------+-------+-------+-----+

> Building and Running

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Building and running
```

Reviewer: Another difference between NCS and Zephyr docs.

********************

> The sample is designed so that it can run on any platform featuring an
> Arduino I2C connector. For example, when building for the nRF52 DK,
> the following command can be used:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The sample can run on any platform featuring an
Arduino I2C connector. For example, when building for an nRF52 Series DK,
use the following command:
```

.. zephyr-app-commands::
   :zephyr-app: samples/shields/npm2100_ek
   :board: nrf52dk/nrf52832
   :goals: build
   :compact:

> Note that this sample automatically sets ``SHIELD`` to ``npm2100_ek``. Once
> flashed, you should boot into the shell interface. The ``regulator`` command is
> provided to test the PMIC. Below you can find details for each subcommand.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note::
   This sample automatically sets the ``SHIELD`` to ``npm2100_ek``.
   Once you have flashed the software to your device, boot into the shell interface.
   Use the ``regulator`` command to test the PMIC.
   See the following section for details on the subcommands.
```

> Regulators control
> ******************

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Regulator control
*****************
```

If the initialization was successful, the terminal displays the following message
with status information:

.. code-block:: console

   PMIC device ok

> The sample will also report battery and boost output voltages as well as the die
> temperature measured every 2 seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The sample also reports the battery and boost output voltages as well as the die
temperature measured every two seconds.
```

> The buttons on the EK can be used to control the regulators.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the buttons on the EK to control the regulators as follows:
```

> +-----------------------+----------------------------------+
> | Operation             | Outcome                          |
> +-----------------------+----------------------------------+
> | Button GPIO0 pressed  | BOOST output forced into HP mode |
> +-----------------------+----------------------------------+
> | Button GPIO0 released | BOOST output operates in LP mode |
> +-----------------------+----------------------------------+
> | Button GPIO1 pressed  | Load Switch on                   |
> +-----------------------+----------------------------------+
> | Button GPIO1 released | Load Switch off                  |
> +-----------------------+----------------------------------+

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+---------------------------+----------------------------------+
| Operation                 | Outcome                          |
+---------------------------+----------------------------------+
| Button **GPIO0** pressed  | BOOST output forced into HP mode |
+---------------------------+----------------------------------+
| Button **GPIO0** released | BOOST output operates in LP mode |
+---------------------------+----------------------------------+
| Button **GPIO1** pressed  | Load Switch on                   |
+---------------------------+----------------------------------+
| Button **GPIO1** released | Load Switch off                  |
+---------------------------+----------------------------------+
```

> The ``regulator`` shell interface provides several subcommand to test
> the regulators embedded in the PMIC. Below you can find some command examples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``regulator`` shell interface provides several subcommand to test
the regulators embedded in the PMIC.
```

> To list all supported voltages for a regulator run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To list all supported voltages for a regulator, run the following command:
```

.. code-block:: console

   uart:~$ regulator vlist BOOST
   1.800000 V
   1.850000 V
   ...

> To enable or disable a regulator run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable or disable a regulator, run the following command:
```

.. code-block:: console

   uart:~$ regulator enable LDOSW
   uart:~$ regulator disable LDOSW

> .. note::
> 
>    The BOOST regulator is always enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note::
   The BOOST regulator is always enabled.
```

Reviewer 2: original formatting is typically the way directives are used in Zephyr

> To set the output voltage of a regulator run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set the output voltage of a regulator, run the following command:
```

.. code-block:: console

   uart:~$ regulator vset BOOST 2.5v
   uart:~$ regulator vget BOOST
   2.500000 V

> .. note::
> 
>    The boost regulator cannot provide a voltage lower than the battery voltage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note::
   The boost regulator cannot provide a voltage lower than the battery voltage.
```

> To get GPIO status run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get the GPIO status, run the following command:
```
